#summary Instructions on how to compile Vault-Tec Multiplayer Mod.

= Introduction =

This guide will help you to build a copy of the latest Vault-Tec Multiplayer Mod source code yourself. Make sure you have all the files from here: http://code.google.com/p/vaultmp/source/browse/trunk

You may want to use SVN software like TortoiseSVN (http://tortoisesvn.net/downloads.html) to receive source updates when available.

= Compiling the source =

To compile vaultmp you will need *MinGW compiler version 4.5* or later. We recommend installing Code::Blocks IDE because there are already project files ready to use.

# Preparing Code::Blocks and MinGW

Code::Blocks can be found here: http://www.codeblocks.org/downloads/26
If you don't already have MinGW installed you may want to choose the package which got MinGW bundled.

# Upgrading from MinGW 3 to version 4

In case you followed the above step you still need to upgrade your MinGW to the latest version. To do this, download the following packages:

http://sourceforge.net/projects/mingw/files/MinGW/BaseSystem/GNU-Binutils/binutils-2.21/binutils-2.21-3-mingw32-bin.tar.lzma/download
http://sourceforge.net/projects/mingw/files/MinGW/BaseSystem/GCC/Version4/gcc-4.5.2-1/gcc-c%2B%2B-4.5.2-1-mingw32-bin.tar.lzma/download
http://sourceforge.net/projects/mingw/files/MinGW/BaseSystem/GCC/Version4/gcc-4.5.2-1/gcc-core-4.5.2-1-mingw32-bin.tar.lzma/download
http://sourceforge.net/projects/mingw/files/MinGW/BaseSystem/GCC/Version4/gcc-4.5.2-1/libgcc-4.5.2-1-mingw32-dll-1.tar.lzma/download
http://sourceforge.net/projects/mingw/files/MinGW/BaseSystem/GCC/Version4/gcc-4.5.2-1/libstdc%2B%2B-4.5.2-1-mingw32-dll-6.tar.lzma/download
http://sourceforge.net/projects/mingw/files/MinGW/gmp/gmp-5.0.1-1/libgmp-5.0.1-1-mingw32-dll-10.tar.lzma/download
http://sourceforge.net/projects/mingw/files/MinGW/mpc/mpc-0.8.1-1/libmpc-0.8.1-1-mingw32-dll-2.tar.lzma/download
http://sourceforge.net/projects/mingw/files/MinGW/mpfr/mpfr-2.4.1-1/libmpfr-2.4.1-1-mingw32-dll-1.tar.lzma/download
http://sourceforge.net/projects/mingw/files/MinGW/gettext/gettext-0.17-1/libintl-0.17-1-mingw32-dll-8.tar.lzma/download
http://sourceforge.net/projects/mingw/files/MinGW/libiconv/libiconv-1.13.1-1/libiconv-1.13.1-1-mingw32-dll-2.tar.lzma/download

Extract all the contents directly into your MinGW folder, which by default is: Program Files/CodeBlocks/MinGW

# Compiling vaultmp

Use the .cbp files to open the projects. Vault-Tec Multiplayer Mod consists of five parts:

vaultmp.cbp
vaultserver/vaultserver.cbp
vaultmaster/vaultmaster.cbp
vaultmpdll/vaultmpDLL.cbp
vaultgui/vaultgui.cbp

In Code::Blocks, choose "Build" to compile a project.